memory sequence archived I wanted out I
wanted my own life to live my own way
sixteen years old where was they going
no idea just away that's it that was the
plan
not much of one
they never guessed what I was doing
because I didn't know what I was doing
I just walked right out someone realized
I was gone they shouted I started
running
I just ran and ran and ran
all that training was finally worth
something
god it was so dark when I left the
forest endless I didn't dare take the
roads
are you mother calling out begging me to
stay I wouldn't
I followed the hills down down until I
hit a stream I followed that to a river
and from the river to an old access road
worked for hours that day Summer Sun
keeping me warm well into the evening
found a clearing after dark fell asleep
beneath the Stars never had a quieter
night but before or since
walking who's scared hitch a ride what
the hell was I doing
lost in the Badlands for a day felt like
a week endless ocean of wrinkled earth
can't believe a place could look so dead
I'm gonna die aren't I
we're gonna die here finally met some
girls from Illinois so bubbly so kind
one day drive to Omaha another to
Chicago
then somewhere someone said to me if
you've got nothing you go to New York
that way if you leave with nothing
people don't ask why and if you leave
with something
you are one lucky son of a bitch
so that's where I went
New York City into skyscrapers and
subways to filth and folly into the
maddening crowd